How do you reward your team for outstanding performance? One. Import that
off as think. Maybe that's what the chief Let the senior chief petty
officer leave the Oscar make recommendations on whom he's performed,
who deserves a 72 hour liberty chip. Then get them out, go up
to the apartment and say, Hey, I want to give the master Chief Day off.
Next on what? The master chief have 72 hours re card for the weekend
as one of those you D'oh. Yes, you can write up awards for your
division. They're good. They are usually speak conservative and handing
out the awards because you don't want to be seen as someone that's
always riding up in a war. That and just giving him out like they're,
you know, Molly Pops, Then then the value of the ward is not going
to help. It's gonna have a tourist facts because everyone wants
this. Got one. Everyone's got one. What's the bodies? So awards and
liberty time outstanding. That's that's the one thing that you can
do for your team.